Since it is the meaning of the young master
Then I'm fine with that.
But I have to confirm about this capital card.
OK
Hello eagle it's me
Someone here has a cash card
He also said that you gave it to him.
Is that so?
What? That distinguished guest arrived so soon.
So it's true.
However, he had a conflict with Master Jie
Master Jie is going to break his leg
What shit, Master Jie?
That Wan Jie doesn't even deserve to carry his shoes
Yang Jing
Just follow the normal process.
I see.
How is it, Sister Jing?
What did Master Su say?
Is this card the thief's today?
Gotta give him some color to see
Blind you dog eye
Why didn't Sister Jing hit me, this distinguished guest?
Even Master Xiong doesn't know how to offend you and dare to touch you
Do you not want to live?
Sister Jing, are you mistaken?
This kid is trash at the bottom of society
What a guest
You don't understand what I'm saying.
From now on you are fired
Get out of here right now